Accept more types as query parameters (#881)
neo4j/neo4j-python-driver: docs/source/api.rst

+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| numpy\ :sup:`[2]` ``ndarray``     | (nested) List                   | (nested) :class:`list`                |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| pandas\ :sup:`[3]` ``DataFrame``  | Map[str, List[_]] :sup:`[4]`    | :class:`dict`                         |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| pandas ``Series``                 | List                            | :class:`list`                         |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+---------------------------------------+
| pandas ``Array``                  | List                            | :class:`list`                         |
+-----------------------------------+---------------------------------+---------------------------------------+

.. Note::

   2. ``void`` and ``complexfloating`` typed numpy ``ndarray``\s are not supported.
   3. ``Period``, ``Interval``, and ``pyarrow`` pandas types are not supported.

>    4. A pandas ``DataFrame`` will be serialized Map from with the column names mapping to the column values (as lists).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4. A pandas ``DataFrame`` will be a serialized Map with the column names mapped to the column values (as lists).
```
